Doc 2871 new kafka source conn 3.10.4 (#842)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/pages/load-from-kafka.adoc

:toc:
:toclevels: 4
= Load from External Kafka

[WARNING]
====

> This method is for only for v4.1.3 and higher versions.

Author: ```suggestion
This method is for only for v3.10.4 and other recent versions.
```
